Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops.
Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops.[200~DevOps engineers make sure software:
Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops. checking
Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops. A devops engineer makes sure software is built correctly, deploys safely, scales automatically and stays online. 
Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops. A devops engineer makes sure software is built correctly, deploys safely, scales automatically and stays online. They also design systems that monitor performance, automatically recover from failures and scale when traffic increases. 
Comp 2156 has been an interesting course so far, i always look forward to rewatching the videos and following the steps the proffesor provides for working on all the assignments and the quizes, taking this course was my first introductions to Devops. A devops engineer makes sure software is built correctly, deploys safely, scales automatically and stays online. They also design systems that monitor performance, automatically recover from failures and scale when traffic increases. Learning DevOps teaches you to think like a full lifecycle engineer not just a coder, you gain system-level understanding, automation mindset and real world deployment knowldedge. 
